{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green99\blue193;\red45\green59\blue69;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;\csgenericrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Commands and Code:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	scp /Users/archana/Desktop/5200_project/predDB.csv {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:abajine@129.150.71.75:/home/abajine"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 abajine@129.150.71.75:/home/abajine}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 2.	scp /Users/archana/Desktop/5200_project/predDBInv.csv {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:abajine@34.211.191.66:/home/abajine"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 abajine@129.150.71.75:/home/abajine}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 3.	scp /Users/archana/Desktop/5200_project/predLB.csv {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:abajine@34.211.191.66:/home/abajine"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 abajine@129.150.71.75:/home/abajine}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 4.	scp /Users/archana/Desktop/5200_project/predLBInv.csv {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:abajine@34.211.191.66:/home/abajine"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 abajine@129.150.71.75:/home/abajine}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 5.	scp /Users/archana/Desktop/5200_project/predWR.csv {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:abajine@34.211.191.66:/home/abajine"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 abajine@129.150.71.75:/home/abajine}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 6.	scp /Users/archana/Desktop/5200_project/predWRInv.csv {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:abajine@34.211.191.66:/home/abajine"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 abajine@129.150.71.75:/home/abajine}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 7.	$ ssh {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:abajine@129.150.71.75"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 abajine@129.150.71.75}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 8.	$ hdfs dfs -ls \
9.	$ hdfs dfs -mkdir NFLdata\
10.	$ hdfs dfs -ls /user/abajine\
11.	$ hdfs dfs -put predDB.csv NFLdata\
12.	$ hdfs dfs -ls NFLdata\
13.	$ hdfs dfs -chmod -R o+w NFLdata\
14.	$ beeline\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf3 15.	!connect jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1-bdcsce-2:2181,bigdai1-bdcsce-3:2181/;serviceDiscoveryMode=zooKeeper;zooKeeperNamespace=hiveserver2?tez.queue.name=interactive bdcsce_admin\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 16.	 jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1 >show databases;\
17.	CREATE database IF NOT EXISTS your_username;\
18.	 jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> use abajine;\
19.	CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE IF NOT EXISTS PredDB(Field_Type STRING, Play_Type STRING, Roster_Position STRING, Stadium_Type STRING, Temperature INT, Weather STRING, Time FLOAT, predict STRING)\uc0\u8232 ROW FORMAT DELIMITED FIELDS TERMINATED BY ',' STORED AS TEXTFILE LOCATION '/user/abajine/NFLdata'\u8232 TBLPROPERTIES ('skip.header.line.count'='2');\
20.	1: jdbc: hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> show tables;\
21.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> describe predDB;\
22.	1: jdbc: hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> select * from predDB limit 5;\
23.	1: jdbc: hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> Select predict, count (*) AS count FROM preddb group by predict order by count;\
24.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> Select Field_Type ,count (*) AS count FROM preddb group by Field_Type order by count;\
25.	1: jdbc: hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> Select Field_Type, Stadium_Type, predict, count (*) AS count FROM preddb group by Field_Type,Stadium_Type,predict order by count;\
26.	$ hdfs dfs -put predLB.csv NFLdata\
27.	CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE IF NOT EXISTS PredLB(Field_Type STRING, Play_Type STRING, Roster_Position STRING, Stadium_Type STRING, Temperature INT, Weather STRING, Time FLOAT, predict STRING)\uc0\u8232 ROW FORMAT DELIMITED FIELDS TERMINATED BY ',' STORED AS TEXTFILE LOCATION '/user/abajine/NFLdata'\u8232 TBLPROPERTIES ('skip.header.line.count'='2');\
28.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> show tables;\
29.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> describe predLB;\
30.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> select * from predLB limit 5;\
31.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> Select predict ,count (*) AS count FROM predlb group by predict order by count;\
32.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> Select Field_Type ,count (*) AS count FROM predlb group by Field_Type order by count;\
33.	Select Field_Type, Play_Type, predict, count (*) AS count FROM predlb group by Field_Type, Play_Type, predict order by count;\
34.	$ hdfs dfs -put predWR.csv NFLdata\
35.	CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE IF NOT EXISTS PredWR(Field_Type STRING, Play_Type STRING, Roster_Position STRING, Stadium_Type STRING, Temperature INT, Weather STRING, Time FLOAT, predict STRING)\uc0\u8232 ROW FORMAT DELIMITED FIELDS TERMINATED BY ',' STORED AS TEXTFILE LOCATION '/user/abajine/NFLdata'\u8232 TBLPROPERTIES ('skip.header.line.count'='2');\
36.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> show tables;\
37.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> describe predWR;\
38.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> select * from predWR limit 5;\
39.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> Select Stadium_Type ,count (*) AS count FROM predwr group by Stadium_Type order by count;\
40.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> Select Field_Type ,count (*) AS count FROM predwr group by Field_Type order by count;\
41.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> Select Field_Type,Play_Type,Stadium_Type, count (*) AS count FROM predwr group by Field_Type,Play_Type,Stadium_Type order by count;\
42.	$ hdfs dfs -ls NFLdata\
43.	1: jdbc:hive2://bigdai1-bdcsce-1:2181,bigdai1> show tables;\
44.	$ hdfs dfs -get /user/abajine/NFLdata/predDB.csv log4_result.out\
45.	$ cat log4_result.out\
46.	$ scp abajine@129.150.71.75:/home/abajine/log4_result.out .\
47.	$ ls\
48.	$ hdfs dfs -get /user/abajine/NFLdata/predLB.csv log5_result.out\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 49.	-bash-4.2$ cat log5_result.out\
50.	$ scp abajine@129.150.71.75:/home/abajine/log5_result.out .\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf0 51.	$ ls\
52.	$ hdfs dfs -get /user/abajine/NFLdata/predWR.csv log6_result.out\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0\cf0 53.	-bash-4.2$ cat log6_result.out\
54.	$ scp abajine@129.150.71.75:/home/abajine/log6_result.out .\
55.	$ ls\
}